We begin by importing the pygame module.  Next we define some constants. The first constant defines the screen dimensions.
Then, we have constants that define the dimensions of the paddle, ball and bricks. After that, we define constants that 
specify the maximum X coordinate for the ball and paddle.  These constants will be used later to enforce the paddle and 
ball stay inside the screen. Finally, we define color and state constants.We have encapsulated the game code inside the 
Bricka class. In the constructor, firstly, we initialize the pygame modules. Next, we create the game window and we set a 
title for it. Next we create a clock object that will be used later to lock our frame rate to a constant value. Next, we 
create a font object, only if the font module is available.  This object will be used later to draw text in the screen. 
Finally, we call the init_game() function. This function is described below.

In the init_game() function we reset some variables. We start with 3 lives, score 0, and state set to STATE_BALL_IN_PADDLE.
Next we define the rectangles for the paddle and ball. We will, later, use these rectangles for movement, drawing, and for
collision detection. Then, we initialize the ball velocity, setting it to go up-right. Finally, we call the create_bricks()
function that will create the bricks. The bricks are maintained in a list.
The check_input() function handles keyboard input. Firstly, we get a list with the states of all keys. After that, if the 
LEFT arrow key is pressed we move the paddle left. Likewise, if the RIGHT arrow key is pressed we move the paddle right. 
During the movement, we make sure the paddle stays inside the screen. Then, if the SPACE key is pressed while we are in 
state Ball in Paddle, we change the velocity to make it go up-right and change the state to Playing. This causes the ball 
to be launched. Finally, if the ENTER key is pressed while in the game over or won states, we call init_game() to restart 
the game.

The move_ball() functions takes care of moving the ball. First, it updates the position coordinates adding the velocity 
components. After that, it checks if the ball hit the left or right screen border. If true, the X velocity component is 
inverted making it bounce. Finally, it checks if the ball hit the top border, inverting the Y velocity component, if true.
The handle_collisions() function determines if the ball collided with a brick, the paddle, or has fallen to the ground. 
First, it checks if the ball has collided with a brick. If true, it increments the score by 3 units and removes the brick 
from the brick list. After making the brick collision test, it checks if there are remaining bricks. If not, it changes 
the state to Won. Finally, it checks if the ball hit the paddle. If true, the ball is repositioned so that is right above 
the paddle and the Y velocity component is inverted.  Otherwise, it checks if the ball is below the paddle (going to the 
ground), and if true, decreases the life count. If the count drops to zero, it changes the state to Ball in paddle. 
Otherwise, changes the state to Ball in paddle.

The show_stats() shows score and life info while show_message() is used to show game state related messages.
This is the game loop. First, we handle the window events. If a request to quit the application exists, we do quit the 
application. After handling the events, we use the clock object to lock the frame rate to 50 FPS. Then, we handle keyboard
input. After that, the next action depends on the game state. If we are in Playing state, we move the ball calling 
move_ball(), and handle collisions calling handle_collisions(). Otherwise, we print a message with instructions. In state 
Ball in paddle we ensure the ball is glued to the paddle. After that, we draw the paddle, the ball, and display the score 
and lives text. Finally, we call pygame.display.flip() to display everything that has been drawn in the frame.
Finally, the last piece of code creates an instance of the game class and runs it. It makes sure the file is run directly and 
not imported from a module.
